I would say, I mean, it was a relatively diverse
crowd in terms of queer lesbians.
But then that’s not actually true.
I’d say it was about 90% white, and then
10% people of colour.
It was a diversity of age.
So, you had everything from baby queers all
the way up to…
Queer folk who are not baby queers.
You had very femme-presenting folk, and then
you had very masculine-presenting folks.
There were some trans guys there, more than
a few, but almost no trans women.
Like, I can’t remember running into any
trans women.
In that respect, I felt very alone.
The trans men, they were really popular.
Everyone wanted a piece of a trans guy back
then.
Honestly, this feels bad to say, I almost,
kind of, traded on it.
Being a trans woman who presented in a masculine
way,
sometimes I would be perceived as a trans guy.
So, certainly, I have some insight into it
just because I was trading on it a bit.
Highly unethical, I realize but...
I really felt for a lot of trans men back
then, because there was a lot of erasure of
their identity in the queer women’s community,
and it kind of felt like some of that was
happening there.
But at the same time, they seemed to be okay
with it, so...
[laughs]
There was a lot of exoticization happening.
I guess the best way to describe it is with
an old argument.
I’m not going to express my opinion on it,
but the argument is, lesbian-identifying people
sleeping with trans men, and how that can
cause an erasure of identity.
Because are they actually seeing the trans
men as men if they’re sitting there identifying
as lesbian?
Is this just a one-time thing, where you’re
like, “Ah pfft, I’m lesbian, but every
so often, I’ll sleep with a guy?” Or is
this like, “I really like trans guys,
but I’m a lesbian because they’re not really
guys?”